*NOTE:* This file is a template that you can use to create the README for your project. The *TODO* comments below will highlight the information you should be sure to include.


# Your Project Title Here

*TODO:* Write an overview to your project.

## Architectural Diagram
*TODO*: Provide an architectual diagram of the project and give an introduction of each step. An architectural diagram is an image that helps visualize the flow of operations from start to finish. In this case, it has to be related to the completed project, with its various stages that are critical to the overall flow. For example, one stage for managing models could be "using Automated ML to determine the best model". 

## Key Steps
*TODO*: Write a short discription of the key steps. Remeber to include all the screenshots required to demonstrate key steps. 

**Model Deployment:** \
To be able to deploy a model the following “Key” steps should occur:

*Enable Security and Authentication* \
This is the first step needed, then authentication is crucial for the continuous flow of operations. In this project the security and authentication steps will be generated by creating a “Service Principal”.

A “Service Principal” is a user role with controlled permissions to access specific resources. Using a service principal is a great way to allow authentication while reducing the scope of permissions, which enhances security.

In the current project the udacity lab was used, thus there was no need for creating the above mentioned steps. Nevertheless below you will find the generic steps of how this could get done:

- Using the terminal ensure the az command-line tool is installed along with the ml extension \
- Authenticate \
- Create the “Service Principal” 




**Create and run AutoML Experiment:**

**Deploy the Best Model:**

**Enable Application Insights:**

**Consume Endpoints:**

**Publish and Consume a Pipeline**



## Screen Recording
*TODO* Provide a link to a screen recording of the project in action. Remember that the screencast should demonstrate:

## Standout Suggestions
*TODO (Optional):* This is where you can provide information about any standout suggestions that you have attempted.
 
